Open an account for me.
I want to trade stocks
Why did you suddenly become interested in stocks?
Because for the stock trading clients I contact
95% are at a loss
Few people have made money from the stock market these years
It depends on individual talent
Don't worry, I know
All right.
I'll introduce you to the general manager of the securities company
executive bar
Then thank Qiankun
Brother Liu, I will listen to you
I bought all the 80,000 dollars in my hand and grew it
Can you promise me that you must make money?
Don't worry.
I threw 1 million
Today my uncle is the general manager of a listed company
Not only internal information
And secretly manipulate the stock price with several major shareholders
And as we go up to 11,000 years.
We throw it out.
We'll catch him then.
Hahahahaha
That's great, Brother Chen
Why is this lubricated iced tea?
Why is it you again?
Follow my butt all day
I will not remarry you
Who is going to remarry you?
A bitch like you
Whoever marries in this life is unlucky
you
What the hell are you talking about?
Is this the kind of place where trash like you should come?
Just let me advise you.
A pauper like you
Get out of here
Don't lose your damn pants
What are you talking about?
Dusty
But my VIP customers are naturally eligible to come in.
Please speak with a little respect, okay?
Don't care about them
I just heard you say
You bought Hengsheng daily limit.
How dare you gamble?
What the hell are you betting with me?
I'll bet you the index plummets to 2,000